the fairphone 3 is a modular phone easy
to open and repair the only tool you
need is a screwdriver there is a
phillips double zero screwdriver in the
packaging of the phone let's begin the
first step is to remove the protective
bumper around the phone then take off
the back cover by separating it from the
frame make sure to start from the bottom
right of the phone and continue to lift
it gradually until it is completely
removed now
let's take out the battery simply lift
it from the white arrow at the bottom
the next step is to remove the 13 screws
holding the display module in place
choose a screw and start unscrewing the
order doesn't matter once all screws are
removed
hold the phone with one hand place your
fingers on the right side of the frame
inside the battery compartment and push
the display out of the frame once the
display is disconnected use one hand to
hold the frame and with the other
continue lifting the display until fully
removed congratulations you just
disassembled the display module now to
place the display module back into the
body of the phone start at the top of
the frame just click it gradually into
place
[Music]
flip the device over and fasten the 13
screws place the battery back in top
first click the back cover onto the
frame make sure to fit the protective
bumper on press and hold the power
button to turn the phone on and you're
good to go